ANY_gnp person
1p_gnp person
gnp_2 person
gnp_5a person
gnp_5b person
gnp_6b person
gnp_6 person
gnp_7 person
gnp_8 person
gnp_10 person
case parsarg
case_pro parsarg
case_emp parsarg
case_adj parsarg
case_num parsarg
case_o case
number number
number_s number
number_p number
any_number number
any_gender gender
pt_cond_tam tam
clas_pst_tam tam
clas_pst_ds_tam tam
clas_pst_dsh_tam tam
clas_pst_dsj_tam tam
clas_pst_emp_tam tam
clas_pst_hex_tam tam
clas_pst_indf_tam tam
clas_pst_nh_tam tam
clas_pst_qt_tam tam
clas_pst_rep_tam tam
clas_pst_rep1_tam tam
clas_pst_rep2_tam tam
clas_pst_wh_tam tam
cond_ppl_tam tam
cond_ppl_gAni_tam tam
dur_adjl_tam tam
fin_aux_tam tam
fin_cont_tam tam
fin_cont_ds_tam tam
fin_cont_dsh_tam tam
fin_cont_dsj_tam tam
fin_cont_emp_tam tam
fin_cont_hex_tam tam
fin_cont_indf_tam tam
fin_cont_nh_tam tam
fin_cont_qt_tam tam
fin_cont_rep_tam tam
fin_cont_rep1_tam tam
fin_cont_rep2_tam tam
fin_cont_wh_tam tam
fin_dupf_tam tam
fin_dur_tam tam
fin_dur_ds_tam tam
fin_dur_dsh_tam tam
fin_dur_dsj_tam tam
fin_dur_emp_tam tam
fin_dur_hex_tam tam
fin_dur_indf_tam tam
fin_dur_nh_tam tam
fin_dur_qt_tam tam
fin_dur_rep_tam tam
fin_dur_rep1_tam tam
fin_dur_rep2_tam tam
fin_dur_wh_tam tam
fin_fut_tam tam
fin_fut_ds_tam tam
fin_fut_dsh_tam tam
fin_fut_dsj_tam tam
fin_fut_emp_tam tam
fin_fut_hex_tam tam
fin_fut_indf_tam tam
fin_fut_nh_tam tam
fin_fut_qt_tam tam
fin_fut_rep_tam tam
fin_fut_rep1_tam tam
fin_fut_rep2_tam tam
fin_fut_wh_tam tam
fin_fut_wh_tam tam
fin_habit_tam tam
fin_habit_ds_tam tam
fin_habit_dsh_tam tam
fin_habit_dsj_tam tam
fin_habit_emp_tam tam
fin_habit_hex_tam tam
fin_habit_indf_tam tam
fin_habit_nh_tam tam
fin_habit_qt_tam tam
fin_habit_rep_tam tam
fin_habit_rep1_tam tam
fin_habit_rep2_tam tam
fin_habit_wh_tam tam
fin_hort_tam tam
fin_hort_ds_tam tam
fin_hort_dsh_tam tam
fin_hort_dsj_tam tam
fin_hort_emp_tam tam
fin_hort_hex_tam tam
fin_hort_indf_tam tam
fin_hort_nh_tam tam
fin_hort_qt_tam tam
fin_hort_rep_tam tam
fin_hort_rep1_tam tam
fin_hort_rep2_tam tam
fin_hort_wh_tam tam
fin_imp_tam tam
imp_neg_tam tam
fin_neg_tam tam
fin_neg_ds_tam tam
fin_neg_dsj_tam tam
fin_neg_dsh_tam tam
fin_neg_emp_tam tam
fin_neg_hex_tam tam
fin_neg_indf_tam tam
fin_neg_nh_tam tam
fin_neg_qt_tam tam
fin_neg_rep_tam tam
fin_neg_rep1_tam tam
fin_neg_rep2_tam tam
fin_neg_wh_tam tam
fin_past_tam tam
fin_past_ds_tam tam
fin_past_dsh_tam tam
fin_past_dsj_tam tam
fin_past_emp_tam tam
fin_past_hex_tam tam
fin_past_indf_tam tam
fin_past_nh_tam tam
fin_past_qt_tam tam
fin_past_rep_tam tam
fin_past_rep1_tam tam
fin_past_rep2_tam tam
fin_past_wh_tam tam
fin_subj_tam tam
gerund_tam tam
koVn_tam tam
inf_mdls_tam tam
inf_neg_tam tam
inf_neg_gAni_tam tam
neg_adjl_tam tam
neg_advl_tam tam
neg_conc_tam tam
neg_cond_tam tam
nf_forciv_tam tam
np_adjl_tam tam
np_advl_tam tam
np_conc_tam tam
np_cond_tam tam
pt_adjl_tam tam
pt_adjl_gAni_tam tam
pt_advl_tam tam
fin_ptp_tam tam
aux_aka_tam tam
aux_akuMdA_tam tam
aux_a_tam tam
aux_i_tam tam
aux_wU_tam tam
dur_adjl_pcl_tam tam
neg_adjl_pcl_tam tam
np_adjl_pcl_tam tam
pt_adjl_pcl_tam tam
pt_conc_tam tam
pt_conc_pcl_tam tam
pt_cond_pcl_tam tam
cond_ppl_pcl_tam tam
gerund_pcl_tam tam
inf_neg_pcl_tam tam
neg_advl_pcl_tam tam
neg_conc_pcl_tam tam
neg_cond_pcl_tam tam
np_advl_pcl_tam tam
np_conc_pcl_tam tam
np_cond_pcl_tam tam
pt_advl_pcl_tam tam
